I'm on a mission to road-test some of
the best celebrity chef cookery courses
on offer to you first phonetic Albers le
is my next target the cheeky little
bastard said maybe one day I'd learn how
to cook poppy well now he's got a chance
to teach me so I'm going undercover to
road test these cookery course to have a
bit of fun and to see what I can get
away with Sydney's course cost 352
pounds and on it you learn how to make
stock different types of pasta and how
to prepare and cook fish gonna come and
see up here sir good night gentlemen up
come up here to learn some things today
to get on this course for beginners I've
told him on a novice but will he notice
that there's really an award-winning
chef in his kitchen time for a bit of
fun and the odd clue so many colours
into the stock the minute colour
vegetable the stalks overheating so I
take the matter in hand
Willie twig mr. silly I think it's the
image I think it's really okay he's
impressed but oblivious brilliant
next up lilies shown us how he makes
pasta now it's our turn
finally I'm on a course where I get to
make something see this is when you've
added too much flour so quickly okay so
it's really hard so he thinks his crap
does he time for a second clue will he
spot that his mission star has to be
made right under his nose never make
pasta before their lower got fettuccine
we've got round limey even after all
that he hasn't clicked
come on aldo to housing and the course
moves on to sillies favorite fish we've
gotten prepare our own plates of fish
for cooking let's see what he makes of
this surely he'll smell something fishy
when I finish before most of the others
have even begun
so Jack Scott I that no I yes that means
thank thank you he's never done it
before so the nice shoes so al does miss
the true yet again or has he looks like
he's dead
are you sure he hasn't seen me that I'm
about to get rumbled trying to come
clean
Gordon Ramsay would season them good the
Run will season them I'll see I see is
enough to after cooking because I don't
like salt I can't eat too much salt and
good couldn't go to Randy he's a [ __ ]
nightmare and so are you you know you
know you know I've known you since you
were standing there right I came today
to learn something and and you've
learned nothing I've learned [ __ ] holes
keep it on you look much better